DOCS.md, before:

# circle Documentation

## Getting start 🚀

## Pages

### No Authentication

| Page         | Path                 | Component                                         |
| ------------ | -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| 404          | `*`                  | [`404`](src/pages/public/404.tsx)                 |
| Homepage     | `/`                  | [`Homepage`](src/pages/public/Homepage.tsx)       |
| Groups       | `/groups`            | [`Groups`](src/pages/public/Groups.tsx)           |
| Single Group | `/groups/groupId`    | [`SingleGroup`](src/pages/public/SingleGroup.tsx) |
| Editor Help  | `/help/editor`       | [`Editor`](src/pages/public/help/Editor.tsx)      |
| Profile      | `/profile/profileId` | [`Profile`](src/pages/public/Profile.tsx)         |

### Need Authentication

| Page    | Path      | Component                               |
| ------- | --------- | --------------------------------------- |
| Setting | `Setting` | [`Setting`](src/pages/auth/Setting.tsx) |

## Components

### Avatar

[source](src/common/Avatar.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type      | Default                                          | Description                                                          |
| ----------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `src`       | `String`  | [`avatar`](src/assets/images/default/avatar.png) | specifies the source of the avatar image to the avatar wrapper       |
| `alt`       | `String`  | `avatar`                                         | specifies the alt text for the avatar                                |
| `sm`        | `Boolean` | `false`                                          | specifies whether or not to use a small image                        |
| `className` | `String`  | `''`                                             | specifies any custom classes to be added layout for the avatar image |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Avatar from './common/Avatar';

<Avatar sm />;
<Avatar src={avatar.png} alt='user-avatar' />;
```

### Badge

[source](src/common/Badge.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default | Description                                                              |
| ----------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `badge`     | `Badge`  | `null`  | The badge object with properties for picture, label, message, and users. |
| `className` | `String` | `''`    | An optional string for customizing the CSS class of the component.       |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Badge from './common/Badge';

<Badge badge={badge} />;
```

### Banner

[source](src/common/Banner.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default      | Description                                                                   |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`     | `String` | `title`      | a string that sets the banner title                                           |
| `subtitle`  | `String` | `subtitle`   | a string that sets the banner subtitle                                        |
| `className` | `String` | `''`         | a string that allows for the addition of custom classes to the banner wrapper |
| `icon`      | `String` | `BiConfused` | a React component that sets the banner icon                                   |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Banner from './common/Banner';

<Banner title='Profile' subtitle='Welcome to your account dashboard!' />;
```

### CreatePost

[source](src/common/CreatePost.tsx)

#### Props

> No Props Yet

#### Usage

```tsx
import CreatePost from './common/CreatePost';

<CreatePost />;
```

### EmojiPicker

[source](src/common/EmojiPicker.tsx)

#### Props

| Props           | Type       | Default                 | Description                                                                          |
| --------------- | ---------- | ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `onEmojiSelect` | `Function` | `(params: any) => void` | callback function that receives an object with information about the selected emoji. |

#### Usage

```tsx
import EmojiPicker from './common/EmojiPicker';

<EmojiPicker onEmojiSelect={} />;
```

### Gallery

[source](src/common/Gallery.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type       | Default           | Description                                                |
| ----------- | ---------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `galleryId` | `String`   | `just-gallery-id` | provide an ID for the gallery.                             |
| `gallery`   | `String[]` | `[]`              | specify an array of image URLs.                            |
| `full`      | `Boolean`  | `false`           | determine if the gallery should be displayed in full mode. |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Gallery from './common/Gallery';

<Gallery gallery={[]} />;
```

### Group

[source](src/common/Group.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type      | Default | Description                                                                    |
| ----------- | --------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `className` | `String`  | `''`    | allows adding additional classes to the group card.                            |
| `colView`   | `Boolean` | `false` | determines whether the group card should be displayed in a column view or not. |
| `group`     | `Group`   | `null`  | object field that contains the group information                               |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Group from './common/Group';

<Group group={group} />;

// column View
<Group group={group} colView />;
```

### InfoBanner

[source](src/common/InfoBanner.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type           | Default | Description                                                                  |
| ----------- | -------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `cover`     | `string`       | `''`    | string representing the URL of the cover image                               |
| `avatar`    | `string`       | `''`    | string representing the URL of the avatar image                              |
| `name`      | `string`       | `''`    | string representing the user's name                                          |
| `username`  | `string`       | `''`    | string representing the user's username                                      |
| `verified`  | `boolean`      | `''`    | boolean representing whether the user is verified or not                     |
| `extraInfo` | `ReactElement` | `<></>` | JSX element representing any additional information to display in the banner |
| `className` | `string`       | `''`    | string representing additional CSS classes to apply to the banner            |

#### Usage

```tsx
import InfoBanner from './common/InfoBanner';

<InfoBanner user={user} />;
```

### Member

[source](src/common/Member.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default | Description                 |
| ----------- | -------- | ------- | --------------------------- |
| `user`      | `Member` | `null`  | pass member info            |
| `className` | `String` | `''`    | add class to Member wrapper |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Member from './common/Member';

<Member user={user} />;
```

### Post

[source](src/common/Post.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default | Description               |
| ----------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------- |
| `post`      | `Post`   | `null`  | pass Post info            |
| `className` | `String` | `''`    | add class to Post wrapper |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Post from './common/Post';

<Post post={post} />;
```

### Skeleton

[source](src/common/Skeleton.tsx)

Dot notation support 3 types

- **post**
- **friend**
- **badge**

#### Props

| Props    | Type     | Default | Description                   |
| -------- | -------- | ------- | ----------------------------- |
| `repeat` | `number` | `1`     | number of Skeleton repetition |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Skeleton from './common/Skeleton';

<Skeleton.post repeat={6} />;
<Skeleton.friend repeat={6} />;
<Skeleton.badge repeat={6} />;
```

### Taps

[source](src/common/Skeleton.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type          | Default | Description               |
| ----------- | ------------- | ------- | ------------------------- |
| `taps`      | `SingleTap[]` | `[]`    | array of taps             |
| `className` | `String`      | `''`    | add class to Taps wrapper |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Taps from './common/Taps';

<Taps taps={TAPS} />;
```

## Context

### Post Reacts

[source](src/context/Reacts.tsx)

- Create modal for reacts with taps for each post react type like wow, like and so on.
- Store trigger post react as context with modal option to open or close.

## Packages

## Helpers

### timeToX

[timeToX](src/helpers/dayjs.ts)

Using `day.js` package to create `timeToX` helper function that return a value of readable format between passed date and now.

```ts
timeToX('1990-01-01'); //> "31 years ago"
```

## Project Structure

### RoadMap

```txt
.
├── src
│ ├── core — Core modules, React hooks, customized theme, etc.
│ │ ├── config.ts — Application configuration
│ │ ├── ErrorBoundary.tsx — ErrorBoundary Component
│ │ ├── lazyLoading.tsx — Lazy loading routes
│ │ ├── routes.tsx — Application routes
│ │ └── App.tsx
│ ├── layout — Layout related components
│ │ ├── components
│ │ │ ├── Navbar.tsx
│ │ │ ├── NotificationsMenu.tsx
│ │ │ ├── ThemeButton.tsx
│ │ │ └── Footer.tsx
│ │ ├── Base.tsx
│ │ └── Minimal.tsx
│ ├── pages — Application page (screen) components
│ │ ├── public — Public page (no auth required) components
│ │ │ ├── Homepage.tsx
│ │ │ └── 404.tsx
│ │ ├── auth — Auth page (auth required) components
│ │ │ ├── Profile.tsx
│ │ │ └── Cart.tsx
│ │ └── dashboard
│ │ │ ├── Reports.tsx
│ │ │ └── Users.tsx
│ ├── assets — Static assets such as css, images
│ ├── dialogs — React components implementing modal dialogs
│ ├── common — Common (shared) React components
│ ├── global.d.ts — Global TypeScript declarations
│ ├── index.tsx — Single-page application (SPA) entry point
│ └── hooks
├── package.json — Workspace settings and NPM dependencies
└── tsconfig.json — TypeScript configuration
```

### Tree

```txt
.
├── CHANGELOG
├── docs.md
├── index.html
├── LICENSE
├── package.json
├── postcss.config.js
├── README.md
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── images
│   │   │   ├── background
│   │   │   │   ├── 404.svg
│   │   │   │   ├── banner-overlay.png
│   │   │   │   └── people.png
│   │   │   ├── default
│   │   │   │   └── avatar.png
│   │   │   ├── dummy
│   │   │   │   ├── avatar
│   │   │   │   │   ├── avatar-1.png
│   │   │   │   │   ├── avatar-2.png
│   │   │   │   │   ├── avatar-3.png
│   │   │   │   │   ├── avatar-4.png
│   │   │   │   │   └── avatar-5.png
│   │   │   │   ├── badges
│   │   │   │   │   ├── content-creator.svg
│   │   │   │   │   ├── featured.svg
│   │   │   │   │   ├── happy.svg
│   │   │   │   │   ├── rocket.svg
│   │   │   │   │   ├── spring.svg
│   │   │   │   │   └── target.svg
│   │   │   │   └── gallery
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-10.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-1.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-2.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-3.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-4.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-5.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-6.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-7.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-8.jpg
│   │   │   │       └── gallery-9.jpg
│   │   │   └── icons
│   │   │       ├── avatar-circle.png
│   │   │       └── avatar-sm-circle.png
│   │   ├── music
│   │   │   └── skyline.mp3
│   │   ├── scss
│   │   │   ├── app.scss
│   │   │   ├── components
│   │   │   │   ├── avatar.scss
│   │   │   │   ├── banner.scss
│   │   │   │   ├── friend.scss
│   │   │   │   ├── group.scss
│   │   │   │   └── post.scss
│   │   │   ├── helpers
│   │   │   ├── layouts
│   │   │   └── pages
│   │   │       └── profile.scss
│   │   └── videos
│   │       └── video.mp4
│   ├── common
│   │   ├── Avatar.tsx
│   │   ├── Banner.tsx
│   │   ├── Comment.tsx
│   │   ├── Friend.tsx
│   │   ├── Group.tsx
│   │   └── Post.tsx
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── profile
│   │   │   ├── Banner.profile.tsx
│   │   │   ├── taps
│   │   │   │   ├── About.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Audios.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Badges.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Friends.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Groups.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Photos.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Timeline.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   └── Videos.profile.tsx
│   │   │   └── Taps.profile.tsx
│   │   └── ReactsModal.tsx
│   ├── constants
│   │   └── dummy.tsx
│   ├── context
│   │   └── Reacts.tsx
│   ├── core
│   │   ├── App.tsx
│   │   ├── ErrorBoundary.tsx
│   │   └── Routes.tsx
│   ├── helpers
│   │   ├── dayjs.ts
│   │   ├── index.ts
│   │   ├── lightGallery.tsx
│   │   ├── post.tsx
│   │   ├── profile.ts
│   │   ├── reacts.tsx
│   │   └── url.ts
│   ├── layouts
│   │   ├── Aside.tsx
│   │   ├── Base.tsx
│   │   ├── _brand.tsx
│   │   ├── Header.tsx
│   │   ├── _logo.tsx
│   │   ├── _mainLinks.tsx
│   │   ├── Minimal.tsx
│   │   ├── Navbar.tsx
│   │   └── _user.tsx
│   ├── main.tsx
│   ├── pages
│   │   ├── auth
│   │   │   ├── Groups.tsx
│   │   │   ├── Homepage.tsx
│   │   │   ├── Profile.tsx
│   │   │   └── SingleGroup.tsx
│   │   └── public
│   │       ├── 404.tsx
│   │       └── Login.tsx
│   └── vite-env.d.ts
├── tailwind.config.js
├── tree.md
├── tsconfig.json
├── tsconfig.node.json
├── vite.config.ts
└── yarn.lock
```

## Resources

- <https://preview.themeforest.net/item/cirkle-social-networking-wordpress-theme/full_screen_preview/35127441>

Commit message:

improve Plyr component & add it to docs

DOCS.md, after:

# circle Documentation

## Getting start 🚀

## Pages

### No Authentication

| Page         | Path                 | Component                                         |
| ------------ | -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| 404          | `*`                  | [`404`](src/pages/public/404.tsx)                 |
| Homepage     | `/`                  | [`Homepage`](src/pages/public/Homepage.tsx)       |
| Groups       | `/groups`            | [`Groups`](src/pages/public/Groups.tsx)           |
| Single Group | `/groups/groupId`    | [`SingleGroup`](src/pages/public/SingleGroup.tsx) |
| Editor Help  | `/help/editor`       | [`Editor`](src/pages/public/help/Editor.tsx)      |
| Profile      | `/profile/profileId` | [`Profile`](src/pages/public/Profile.tsx)         |

### Need Authentication

| Page    | Path      | Component                               |
| ------- | --------- | --------------------------------------- |
| Setting | `Setting` | [`Setting`](src/pages/auth/Setting.tsx) |

## Components

### Avatar

[source](src/common/Avatar.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type      | Default                                          | Description                                                          |
| ----------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `src`       | `String`  | [`avatar`](src/assets/images/default/avatar.png) | specifies the source of the avatar image to the avatar wrapper       |
| `alt`       | `String`  | `avatar`                                         | specifies the alt text for the avatar                                |
| `sm`        | `Boolean` | `false`                                          | specifies whether or not to use a small image                        |
| `className` | `String`  | `''`                                             | specifies any custom classes to be added layout for the avatar image |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Avatar from './common/Avatar';

<Avatar sm />;
<Avatar src={avatar.png} alt='user-avatar' />;
```

### Badge

[source](src/common/Badge.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default | Description                                                              |
| ----------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `badge`     | `Badge`  | `null`  | The badge object with properties for picture, label, message, and users. |
| `className` | `String` | `''`    | An optional string for customizing the CSS class of the component.       |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Badge from './common/Badge';

<Badge badge={badge} />;
```

### Banner

[source](src/common/Banner.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default      | Description                                                                   |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`     | `String` | `title`      | a string that sets the banner title                                           |
| `subtitle`  | `String` | `subtitle`   | a string that sets the banner subtitle                                        |
| `className` | `String` | `''`         | a string that allows for the addition of custom classes to the banner wrapper |
| `icon`      | `String` | `BiConfused` | a React component that sets the banner icon                                   |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Banner from './common/Banner';

<Banner title='Profile' subtitle='Welcome to your account dashboard!' />;
```

### CreatePost

[source](src/common/CreatePost.tsx)

#### Props

> No Props Yet

#### Usage

```tsx
import CreatePost from './common/CreatePost';

<CreatePost />;
```

### EmojiPicker

[source](src/common/EmojiPicker.tsx)

#### Props

| Props           | Type       | Default                 | Description                                                                          |
| --------------- | ---------- | ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `onEmojiSelect` | `Function` | `(params: any) => void` | callback function that receives an object with information about the selected emoji. |

#### Usage

```tsx
import EmojiPicker from './common/EmojiPicker';

<EmojiPicker onEmojiSelect={} />;
```

### Gallery

[source](src/common/Gallery.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type       | Default           | Description                                                |
| ----------- | ---------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `galleryId` | `String`   | `just-gallery-id` | provide an ID for the gallery.                             |
| `gallery`   | `String[]` | `[]`              | specify an array of image URLs.                            |
| `full`      | `Boolean`  | `false`           | determine if the gallery should be displayed in full mode. |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Gallery from './common/Gallery';

<Gallery gallery={[]} />;
```

### Group

[source](src/common/Group.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type      | Default | Description                                                                    |
| ----------- | --------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `className` | `String`  | `''`    | allows adding additional classes to the group card.                            |
| `colView`   | `Boolean` | `false` | determines whether the group card should be displayed in a column view or not. |
| `group`     | `Group`   | `null`  | object field that contains the group information                               |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Group from './common/Group';

<Group group={group} />;

// column View
<Group group={group} colView />;
```

### InfoBanner

[source](src/common/InfoBanner.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type           | Default | Description                                                                  |
| ----------- | -------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `cover`     | `string`       | `''`    | string representing the URL of the cover image                               |
| `avatar`    | `string`       | `''`    | string representing the URL of the avatar image                              |
| `name`      | `string`       | `''`    | string representing the user's name                                          |
| `username`  | `string`       | `''`    | string representing the user's username                                      |
| `verified`  | `boolean`      | `''`    | boolean representing whether the user is verified or not                     |
| `extraInfo` | `ReactElement` | `<></>` | JSX element representing any additional information to display in the banner |
| `className` | `string`       | `''`    | string representing additional CSS classes to apply to the banner            |

#### Usage

```tsx
import InfoBanner from './common/InfoBanner';

<InfoBanner user={user} />;
```

### PlyrViewer

[source](src/common/PlyrViewer.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default        | Description                                                          |
| ----------- | -------- | -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `src`       | `string` | `''`           | specifies the source of the media to be played.                      |
| `MediaType` | `audio`  | `'video'`      | specifies the type of media to be played, either 'audio' or 'video'. |
| `title`     | `string` | `'Plyr Title'` | specifies the title of the media to be played.                       |

#### Usage

```tsx
import PlyrViewer from './common/PlyrViewer';

<PlyrViewer src='audio.mp3' MediaType='audio' />;

<PlyrViewer src='video.mp3' MediaType='video' />;
```

### Member

[source](src/common/Member.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default | Description                 |
| ----------- | -------- | ------- | --------------------------- |
| `user`      | `Member` | `null`  | pass member info            |
| `className` | `String` | `''`    | add class to Member wrapper |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Member from './common/Member';

<Member user={user} />;
```

### Post

[source](src/common/Post.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type     | Default | Description               |
| ----------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------- |
| `post`      | `Post`   | `null`  | pass Post info            |
| `className` | `String` | `''`    | add class to Post wrapper |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Post from './common/Post';

<Post post={post} />;
```

### Skeleton

[source](src/common/Skeleton.tsx)

Dot notation support 3 types

- **post**
- **friend**
- **badge**

#### Props

| Props    | Type     | Default | Description                   |
| -------- | -------- | ------- | ----------------------------- |
| `repeat` | `number` | `1`     | number of Skeleton repetition |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Skeleton from './common/Skeleton';

<Skeleton.post repeat={6} />;
<Skeleton.friend repeat={6} />;
<Skeleton.badge repeat={6} />;
```

### Taps

[source](src/common/Skeleton.tsx)

#### Props

| Props       | Type          | Default | Description               |
| ----------- | ------------- | ------- | ------------------------- |
| `taps`      | `SingleTap[]` | `[]`    | array of taps             |
| `className` | `String`      | `''`    | add class to Taps wrapper |

#### Usage

```tsx
import Taps from './common/Taps';

<Taps taps={TAPS} />;
```

## Context

### Post Reacts

[source](src/context/Reacts.tsx)

- Create modal for reacts with taps for each post react type like wow, like and so on.
- Store trigger post react as context with modal option to open or close.

## Packages

## Helpers

### timeToX

[timeToX](src/helpers/dayjs.ts)

Using `day.js` package to create `timeToX` helper function that return a value of readable format between passed date and now.

```ts
timeToX('1990-01-01'); //> "31 years ago"
```

## Project Structure

### RoadMap

```txt
.
├── src
│ ├── core — Core modules, React hooks, customized theme, etc.
│ │ ├── config.ts — Application configuration
│ │ ├── ErrorBoundary.tsx — ErrorBoundary Component
│ │ ├── lazyLoading.tsx — Lazy loading routes
│ │ ├── routes.tsx — Application routes
│ │ └── App.tsx
│ ├── layout — Layout related components
│ │ ├── components
│ │ │ ├── Navbar.tsx
│ │ │ ├── NotificationsMenu.tsx
│ │ │ ├── ThemeButton.tsx
│ │ │ └── Footer.tsx
│ │ ├── Base.tsx
│ │ └── Minimal.tsx
│ ├── pages — Application page (screen) components
│ │ ├── public — Public page (no auth required) components
│ │ │ ├── Homepage.tsx
│ │ │ └── 404.tsx
│ │ ├── auth — Auth page (auth required) components
│ │ │ ├── Profile.tsx
│ │ │ └── Cart.tsx
│ │ └── dashboard
│ │ │ ├── Reports.tsx
│ │ │ └── Users.tsx
│ ├── assets — Static assets such as css, images
│ ├── dialogs — React components implementing modal dialogs
│ ├── common — Common (shared) React components
│ ├── global.d.ts — Global TypeScript declarations
│ ├── index.tsx — Single-page application (SPA) entry point
│ └── hooks
├── package.json — Workspace settings and NPM dependencies
└── tsconfig.json — TypeScript configuration
```

### Tree

```txt
.
├── CHANGELOG
├── docs.md
├── index.html
├── LICENSE
├── package.json
├── postcss.config.js
├── README.md
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── images
│   │   │   ├── background
│   │   │   │   ├── 404.svg
│   │   │   │   ├── banner-overlay.png
│   │   │   │   └── people.png
│   │   │   ├── default
│   │   │   │   └── avatar.png
│   │   │   ├── dummy
│   │   │   │   ├── avatar
│   │   │   │   │   ├── avatar-1.png
│   │   │   │   │   ├── avatar-2.png
│   │   │   │   │   ├── avatar-3.png
│   │   │   │   │   ├── avatar-4.png
│   │   │   │   │   └── avatar-5.png
│   │   │   │   ├── badges
│   │   │   │   │   ├── content-creator.svg
│   │   │   │   │   ├── featured.svg
│   │   │   │   │   ├── happy.svg
│   │   │   │   │   ├── rocket.svg
│   │   │   │   │   ├── spring.svg
│   │   │   │   │   └── target.svg
│   │   │   │   └── gallery
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-10.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-1.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-2.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-3.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-4.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-5.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-6.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-7.jpg
│   │   │   │       ├── gallery-8.jpg
│   │   │   │       └── gallery-9.jpg
│   │   │   └── icons
│   │   │       ├── avatar-circle.png
│   │   │       └── avatar-sm-circle.png
│   │   ├── music
│   │   │   └── skyline.mp3
│   │   ├── scss
│   │   │   ├── app.scss
│   │   │   ├── components
│   │   │   │   ├── avatar.scss
│   │   │   │   ├── banner.scss
│   │   │   │   ├── friend.scss
│   │   │   │   ├── group.scss
│   │   │   │   └── post.scss
│   │   │   ├── helpers
│   │   │   ├── layouts
│   │   │   └── pages
│   │   │       └── profile.scss
│   │   └── videos
│   │       └── video.mp4
│   ├── common
│   │   ├── Avatar.tsx
│   │   ├── Banner.tsx
│   │   ├── Comment.tsx
│   │   ├── Friend.tsx
│   │   ├── Group.tsx
│   │   └── Post.tsx
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── profile
│   │   │   ├── Banner.profile.tsx
│   │   │   ├── taps
│   │   │   │   ├── About.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Audios.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Badges.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Friends.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Groups.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Photos.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── Timeline.profile.tsx
│   │   │   │   └── Videos.profile.tsx
│   │   │   └── Taps.profile.tsx
│   │   └── ReactsModal.tsx
│   ├── constants
│   │   └── dummy.tsx
│   ├── context
│   │   └── Reacts.tsx
│   ├── core
│   │   ├── App.tsx
│   │   ├── ErrorBoundary.tsx
│   │   └── Routes.tsx
│   ├── helpers
│   │   ├── dayjs.ts
│   │   ├── index.ts
│   │   ├── lightGallery.tsx
│   │   ├── post.tsx
│   │   ├── profile.ts
│   │   ├── reacts.tsx
│   │   └── url.ts
│   ├── layouts
│   │   ├── Aside.tsx
│   │   ├── Base.tsx
│   │   ├── _brand.tsx
│   │   ├── Header.tsx
│   │   ├── _logo.tsx
│   │   ├── _mainLinks.tsx
│   │   ├── Minimal.tsx
│   │   ├── Navbar.tsx
│   │   └── _user.tsx
│   ├── main.tsx
│   ├── pages
│   │   ├── auth
│   │   │   ├── Groups.tsx
│   │   │   ├── Homepage.tsx
│   │   │   ├── Profile.tsx
│   │   │   └── SingleGroup.tsx
│   │   └── public
│   │       ├── 404.tsx
│   │       └── Login.tsx
│   └── vite-env.d.ts
├── tailwind.config.js
├── tree.md
├── tsconfig.json
├── tsconfig.node.json
├── vite.config.ts
└── yarn.lock
```

## Resources

- <https://preview.themeforest.net/item/cirkle-social-networking-wordpress-theme/full_screen_preview/35127441>
